docs: added note for theorist contributors to consider input parameters as … (#659)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/contribute/modules/theorist.md

        return self.polynomial(conditions)
```

## Important Considerations for `sklearn` BaseEstimators

When working with `sklearn`'s `BaseEstimator`, it's crucial to ensure that any arguments passed to the `__init__` function of a derived class are assigned as instance attributes. This is a requirement in sklearn to maintain consistency and functionality across its estimators. 

> For instance, the following code will raise an error because `input_argument` is not assigned as a class attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, the following code will raise an error because `input_argument` does exist as an input to the `init`-method but not as a class member:
```

```python
from sklearn.base import BaseEstimator

class ExampleRegressor(BaseEstimator):
    def __init__(self, input_argument):
        print(input_argument)

theorist = ExampleRegressor('test')

print(theorist)
```
To avoid this issue, `input_argument` should be explicitly set as a class attribute, like this:

```python
from sklearn.base import BaseEstimator

class ExampleRegressor(BaseEstimator):
    def __init__(self, input_argument):

>         self.arbitrary = input_argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        self.input_argument = 'something arbitrary'
```

Reviewer: Every input argument has to exist as a class member.
